1Ques) What is an airplane
1A) Airplane!
Correct answer: An airplane (American English), or aeroplane (Commonwealth English), informally plane, is a fixed-wing aircraft that is propelled forward by thrust from a jet engine, propeller, or rocket engine.

2Ques) What is a TV?
2A) M*A*S*H (an acronym for Mobile Army Surgical Hospital) is an American war comedy drama television series that aired on CBS from September 17, 1972, to February 28, 1983.
Correct answer: Television (TV) is a telecommunication medium for transmitting moving images and sound.

3Ques) What is Math?
3A) A match is a tool for starting a fire.
Correct answer: Mathematics is an area of knowledge that includes the topics of numbers, formulas and related structures, shapes and the spaces in which they are contained, and quantities and their changes.

4Ques) What is the tallest mountain?
4A) There are at least 108 mountains on Earth with elevations of 7,200 metres (23,622 ft) or greater above sea level.
Correct answer: Mount Everest is Earth's highest mountain above sea level.

5Ques) What is the height of Mount Everest?
5A) Mount Everest (Nepali: सगरमाथा, romanized: Sagarmāthā; Tibetan: Chomolungma ཇོ་མོ་གླང་མ; Chinese: 珠穆朗玛峰; pinyin: Zhūmùlǎngmǎ Fēng) is Earth's highest mountain above sea level, located in the Mahalangur Himal sub-range of the Himalayas.
Correct answer: Mount Everest elevation (snow height) of 8,848.86 m (29,031 ft 8+1⁄2 in) was most recently established in 2020 by the Chinese and Nepali authorities.

6Ques) What is the capital of the USA?
6A) In the United States, capital punishment is a legal penalty throughout the country at the federal level, in 27 states, and in American Samoa.
Correct answer: Washington, D.C., formally the District of Columbia and commonly called Washington or D.C., is the capital city and the only federal district of the United States.

7Ques) What is the Capital City of America?
7A) A capital city or just capital is the municipality holding primary status in a country, state, province, department, or other subnational entity, usually as its seat of the government.
Correct answer: Washington, D.C., formally the District of Columbia and commonly called Washington or D.C., is the capital city and the only federal district of the United States.

8Ques) What is NLP?
8A) A limited partnership (LP) is a form of partnership similar to a general partnership except that while a general partnership must have at least two general partners (GPs), a limited partnership must have at least one GP and at least one limited partner.
Correct answer: Natural language processing (NLP) is an interdisciplinary subfield of computer science and linguistics.

9Ques) Where is the Indian Ocean?
9A) The Indian Ocean is the third-largest of the world's five oceanic divisions, covering 70,560,000 km2 (27,240,000 sq mi) or ~19.8% of the water on Earth's surface.
Correct answer: The Indian Ocean is bounded by Asia to the north, Africa to the west and Australia to the east.

10Ques) When was the first World's Fair?
10A) A world's fair, also known as a universal exhibition or an expo, is a large international exhibition designed to showcase the achievements of nations.
Correct answer: The first World's Fair was organized by Prague in 1791
